DOC-906_Add fetch_max_wait field to Kafka inputs and other refactoring (#160)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/pages/inputs/kafka_franz.adoc

      root_cas_file: ""
      client_certs: []
    sasl: [] # No default (optional)
    metadata_max_age: 5m
    topics: [] # No default (required)
    regexp_topics: false
    rack_id: ""

>     start_from_oldest: true

Author: On main, both inputs contain the following fields. Should these be added?

    ```
rack_id: ""
    instance_id: ""
    rebalance_timeout: 45s
    session_timeout: 1m
    heartbeat_interval: 3s
```

    fetch_max_bytes: 50MiB
    fetch_max_wait: 5s
    fetch_min_bytes: 1B
    fetch_max_partition_bytes: 1MiB
    consumer_group: "" # No default (optional)
    checkpoint_limit: 1024
    commit_period: 5s
    multi_header: false
    batching:
      count: 0
      byte_size: 0
      period: ""
      check: ""
      processors: [] # No default (optional)
    auto_replay_nacks: true
    
```

--
======

When you specify a consumer group in your configuration, this input consumes one or more topics and automatically balances the topic partitions across any other connected clients with the same consumer group. Otherwise, topics are consumed in their entirety or with explicit partitions.

> This input often out-performs the traditional `kafka` input as well as providing more useful logs and error messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This input often out-performs the traditional `kafka` input and provides more useful logs and error messages.
```
Not part of the diff but figured I'd add a suggestion

Author: Updated.

A plain text password for when the private key is password encrypted in PKCS#1 or PKCS#8 format. The obsolete `pbeWithMD5AndDES-CBC` algorithm is not supported for the PKCS#8 format.

> WARNING: The `pbeWithMD5AndDES-CBC` algorithm does not authenticate ciphertext, and is vulnerable to padding Oracle attacks which may allow an attacker recover the plain text password.

Reviewer 2: Same issue about Oracle.

Author: Updated

> WARNING: The `pbeWithMD5AndDES-CBC` algorithm does not authenticate ciphertext, and is vulnerable to padding oracle attacks which may allow an attacker recover the plain text password.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
WARNING: The `pbeWithMD5AndDES-CBC` algorithm does not authenticate ciphertext, and is vulnerable to padding oracle attacks which may allow an attacker to recover the plain text password.
```

      format: json_array
```

=== `auto_replay_nacks`

> Whether to automatically replay rejected messages (negative acknowledgements) at the output level. If the cause of rejections is persistent, leaving this option enabled can result in back pressure.

Author: Updated.
